---
layout: default
title: 2025-11-12 analysis
categories: [analysis]
---




### CHA vs MIL (**MIL -2.5**)

**Prop; 3u; +107; 6:45 ET on DK**
**Kalkbrenner O 7.5 reb (W – 9reb)**

**Parlay; 0.25u; +1200; 6:45 ET on DK**

* **Gary Trent Jr. 4+ 3s made (L – 1 3PT)**
* **O 3.5 Knueppel ast (L – 1 ast)**
* **O 4.5 Anthony ast (L – 3 ast)**
* **O 16.5 Sexton pts (L – 15pt)**

The biggest bet of the day pays off in Kalkbrenner’s 9 rebounds. I was worried during the games for a while, as his perfect FG% meant that he had no offensive rebounds off his own misses. I think in future games where he continues to play 25+ minutes per game, he is on pace for easy double-doubles. His game can likely expand to encompass a more varied shot diet and facilitating as well. It seems that he has a long and successful career ahead of him just based on his ability to do all the fundamental things. 

Though I was right in projecting Sexton to be at 15 points, I was wrong for picking the line available on sportsbooks. It seems Rollins continued to shine as the Bucks’ talented young point guard, as he put up a strong 25/5/6 statline while the rest of the Bucks struggled, though not including Myles Turner who had 21/3/2. 

Going forward, I think that the best bets will be individual props where I expect to have a weighted coinflip edge, i.e., greater than -100.1 odds, when the odds are figured at +100.1 or greater. In other such cases where the odds are set at -100 to -200 or so, I must only bet on it with some strongly argued theses because I am saying that I am almost certain of that outcome. If not, I will be betting money at -150 odds when I am only -120 odds sure of the outcome, which is simply unreliable and likely losing over the long term.  


---

### DET vs CHI (**CHI -1.5**)

**Parlay; 0.1u; +166; 7:15pm on DK (live game parlay)**

* **Huerter 2+ 3s (L – 0 3PT)**
* **Buzelis O 19.5 PR (W – 35 PRA)**

Mr. Buzelis' over hit without any sweat. Huerter on the other hand went beyond the game script, going 0-4 from 3 though going 10-17 from the field. I must have missed the memo that Huerter was more slasher than corner-3 guy. 

In any case, the Pistons proved to be extremely strong, with Duncan Robinson going 3-3 from 3 in the first quarter and propelling the Pistons to an easy win against the Bulls, even without Duren and Cade. 

It remains to be seen exactly how the coaches will look to incorporate Buzelis into their schemes, especially as Buzelis and Giddey provide heavy overlap in the offensively-minded guard/wing department. But high rebounding numbers, at 14 rebounds, is indicative of motor, which is often used a sign to coaches that the player is willing to fight tooth and nail for playing time. Buzelis is a breakout candidate that must be bought at his lowest point now – I see flashes of Jalen Johnson and his breakout season.  

---

### NYK vs ORL

**Parlay; 0.1u; +1800; 7pm DK**

* **Bridges O 1.5 3s made (L – 0 3PT)**
* **Bane U 16.5 pts (L – 22 pts)**
* **Wendell Carter Jr. O 7.5 reb (W – 8reb)**
* **Franz O 1.5 3s (W – 2 3s)**
* **KAT O 1.5 3s (L – 1 3PT)**

In this game, Paolo was injured just with just 12 minutes notched into the game. Unfortunately, this led to more shots for Bane, killing the under. Despite the injury, the Knicks were unable to find rhythm from 3 as I had anticipated, and the Magic are a team that you do not want to go cold against. The Magic’s interior paint defense, with Jonathon Isaac off the bench, is straight treacherous to go into. 

Despite this, Brunson still had 31 points albeit on 13 FTA. KAT and Bridges are bound for an upward regression, though it is fine to doubt their long-term viability as 3pt shooting machines as they had once been considered. Even though the Magic were able to pull through with this win, their ceiling remains tethered to the fact that they lack a true elite point guard, and Paolo’s injury will further cloud their near-future. The Knicks are proven to be strong with Brunson’s elite scoring and facilitating, and it simply remains a game of regressing to the mean when dealing with the 3-point variance – eventually it will fall. If it doesn’t then Brunson can still dance in the paint and flop for foul calls instead. The Knicks are a top team in the East with their uncapped ceiling given KAT’s unique skillset, and the Magic boast a solid defensive floor but lack any true potential for top-end variance. 

---

### BOS vs MEM (**-8.5 BOS**)

**Parlay; 0.5u; +184; 7:25pm DK**

* **Aldama O 1.5 3s**
* **Coward O 1.5 3s**

---

### MIA vs CLE (**-4.5 MIA**)


**Parlay 0.1u; +600; 7:30pm DK**

* **Allen U 16.5 pts (L – 30 pts)**
* **Hunter 5+ 3s ( L – 1 3PT)**

Hunter was cold from 3 today, taking five and making one. The game script that I envisioned went completely sideways, however. Jarrett Allen took matters into his own hands and the lack of Bam Adebayo in the interior became evident with Allen scoring 30. Norman Powell thus had to strike back, putting up 27 points but to little avail. 

This bodes fairly well for Miami nonetheless, as the Heat’s rotation is well-rounded in distributing good looks for scoring. The Cavs, however, must start questioning whether it is Jarrett Allen who is leading the show behind the scenes, as the win without Donovan Mitchell, Darius Garland, and Evan Mobley suggests to me. Norman Powell continues to impress me with his consistency shooting the ball, and I find the Cavs to be particularly difficult to figure– is it possible that one of Donovan Mitchell, Darius Garland, or Evan Mobley is redundant or even holding the team back from its full potential with Jarrett Allen as the top dog? 


---

### HOU vs WAS (**HOU -17**)


**Parlay 0.25u; +1200; 7:50pm DK**

* **Amen U 5.5 ast**
* **Tre 4+ 3s**

Amen got his garbage time as Tre got his. I thought the line was too sharp for me to take the over, and my original thesis proved to be more accurate than anticipated. Tre Johnson shot lights out, with 4-10 from 3PT, and Amen still played 36 minutes despite being up 20 since the halftime. 

Unfortunate game, and now I’m more firmly on the side of Tre Johnson as a top shooter in the league despite just being a rookie. Right there with Duncan Robinson and Steph Curry, I’d argue he has an even higher ceiling simply on account of his physical attributes and youth.


---

### NOP vs POR (**POR -8.5**)


**Prop; 2u; -108; 7:55pm DK**

**Avdija U 24.5 pts (L – 30 pts)**

The Pels put up an honorable but losing fight, which was unfortunate in motivating Avdija to score more than expected. Derik Queen has crazy touch inside the paint and is someone to keep track of, though I suspect there are many fans pulling sportsbook to inflate his lines a bit. 


---

### SAS vs GSW


**Parlay; 1u; +236; 8pm DK**

* **Will Richard 17+ PR (L – 4)**
* **Draymond 18.5 PRA (L – 15)**

Draymond went 0/7 from 3PT and Will Richard put up only 2 FGA. It was the Curry show, as he had 46/5/5 in a statement win against the Spurs. Not much to see other than that Curry can still catch fire, and in such cases, all other player props on his team will crumple. 

---

### DAL vs PHX (**PHX -2.5**)


**Parlay 2u; 8:30pm DK; +250**

* **Flagg O 3.5 ast (W – 6 ast)**
* **Ryan Dunn O 12.5 PR (L – 12PR)**

Dunn didn’t play as many minutes as I expected, only getting 24 minutes even when it was close. Even so, he was more relegated to defending the opposing point/shooting guards, which he did incredibly well. Less of a knock on Dunn as a player and more about recognizing his ceiling offensively. Flagg is improving day by day, and it seems that he can play some point in a competent fashion eventually, though to be a full time PG today seems ludicrous.


---

### OKC vs LAL (**OKC -8.5**)


**Parlay 2u; +2500; 8:40pm DK**

* **SGA O 31.5 pts (L – 30 pts)**
* **Rui O 17.5 PR (W – 18PR)**
* **LaRavia 15+ pts (L – 5 pts)**

The Thunder wrangled a huge margin of victory against the Lakers, with SGA putting up exactly 30 points then exiting the game. Rui managed to pull through with the over while LaRavia struggled heavily, going 1-6 FG. Perhaps the books know something I don’t, but I’m convinced LaRavia is seemingly undervalued despite these past few outings. I expect to be betting big on him soon, as he is shooting about 40% from 3PT through several seasons, and so long as everything normalizes, he is primed to be scoring 13 or more per game even with Luka and Reaves alongside him. 

The Thunder are clear favorites to be the top seed in the West; the Lakers may use the season to experiment with lineups and schemas. In a best of 7 series, I think Luka and JJ Reddick can figure out ways to out-scheme the Thunder using creative tactics, though the post-season remains far away.


---

### ATL vs SAC (**ATL -4.5**)


**0.25u Parlay; +600; 8:51pm DK**

* **Jalen Johnson O 13.5 RA (W – 18RA)**
* **Risacher 18+ pts (L – 15pts)**

Jalen Johnson crushed the over, and almost notched a triple double. Risacher on the other hand had his work cut out for him as a backseat passenger, contributing here and there albeit on extremely efficiently at 7-8 shooting. 

The Kings need to give Raynaud and Clifford better reps. When DeRozan returns, the Kings will be elevated to be an average to mediocre team in the West, but their overall ceiling remains capped to however well Westbrook and Schroder can run the team – and given that the two of them have combined for over 30 years of professional basketball and also zero rings to show for it, there is nothing that screams at mediocrity and lameness than what the Kings are showing now. The Hawks on the other hand look dangerous. When Trae returns, I expect them to be the best team in the East. 

---

### DEN vs LAC (**DEN -4.5**)


**Prop 1u; -123; DK; 9:50pm ET**
**Harden O 23.5 pts (L– 23 pts)**

**Parlay 0.5u; +470; DK; 9:50pm ET**

* **John Collins 7+ reb (L– 4 reb)**
* **Aaron Gordon 7+ reb (L– 5 reb)**

The Nuggets pulled away on the game off Jokic’s 55/12/6 game, with Harden being benched late in the fourth. Both teams shot well enough from 3PT (~40%) that the long rebounds were less frequent, and more infrequent by the fact that Jokic took the most shots in the game at 23, with the majority being inside the paint. 

The Clippers are simply inadequate at providing Harden the support he needs. None of the role players are especially known for 3PT shooting, except for Bogdan Bogdanovic who at this point in his career is outclassed by many others at plain spot up shooting while providing less than desirable results in other aspects on the court. The Nuggets can have Jokic run the show with 40 point triple doubles off the press like a dime a dozen, but it doesn’t negate how teams can show up with even more potent offenses built around 3PT shooting; the Nuggets must simply improve their roster or rethink their entire philosophy if they are serious about contending for another chip. 

---

##PnL

* **Total Wagered: 13.05u**

* **Total Won: +3.21u**
  
* **Total Lost: -10.05u**
  
* **Net PnL: -6.84u**


---


*Tokeni*

November 13, 2025
