---
layout: default
title: 2025-11-14 analysis
categories: [analysis]
---


## MIA vs NYK

**PROP 12u; -159; 6:30pm ET, DraftKings (W)**

*  **Norman Powell O 2.5 3s made**

Norman Powell put up 38 points with 8 3FGM. Given the fact that this was my largest unit bet, I am pleased to see that this was also a bet that was cleared by the healthiest margin. Again, I think the books have severely underpriced everything Norman Powell, and until Herro laces up, he will be always be a threat to score 30 on any given night.

**PARLAY 0.5u; +625; 6:30pm ET, DraftKings (L)**

*  **KAT U 25.5 pts (L)**

*  **Ware O 10.5 reb (L)**

*  **Hart O 7.5 reb (W)**

While I was correct on my assessment of how the offenses would be run, I overestimated the Heat’s ability to defend. Between Wiggins and Ware, KAT found all kinds of mismatches and put up dominant numbers. As I projected, Mikal was full brick city, 3/12 from 3PT, and so Hart got his rebounds off that, though I think Ware is still very green as he went under on rebounds against Mitchell Robinson and KAT, but overall still projects to be really good in the near future.





## BKN vs ORL


**PROP 1u; +240; 6:45pm ET DraftKings (L)**

*  **Demin 3+ ast first quarter**

It looks like MPJ stole the show with 5 assists in the first quarter. Demin was drafted way too high in my opinion, and he should not project to be a jumbo-sized Luka or Shai. He should be modeling his game as a slender version of Tatum, shooting middies and volume 3s while being an excellent passer in some game scripts while also being a solid rebounder. The Nets remain bottom tier, with MPJ being quite possibly the only excellent player at the moment. Ziaire Williams, Noah Clowney, and perhaps even Tre Mann would not be starters, much less actual rotational players in nearly all other 29 NBA teams, and the evidence keeps piling at the possibility of another full season of tanking. 



## PHI vs DET


**ML 5u; -105; 7:10pm ET DraftKings (L)**

*  **76ers ML**

I take back what I said about a “talented backcourt.” I genuinely think that VJ Edgecombe is a highly immature player from what I saw in the second half. On a fastbreak with Drummond, instead of demanding the ball to relieve Drummond from going all the way, he egged Drummond to keep running which resulted in a turnover for the big man. On another fast break, he tried and failed miserably at posterizing Duncan Robinson, who isn’t even a good rim protector by any means. 

Speaking of whom, I think Duncan Robinson showed some real flashes beyond what he did in the 2021 Heat finals run, where essentially, he only shot catch and shoot 3s. In this game, he showed great defensive tactics and also the ability to go downhill on offense when the 3PT opportunity didn’t present itself. 

The way that the Pistons carry themselves leads me to think that Cade has been showing up as a competent and excellent leader, which bodes well for how well the team will function down the line as elite basketball is dependent on trust and teamwork. The 76ers on the other hand exhibit signs of giving up early and overall group frustration, which I can empathize with to a certain extent given the sheer amount of talent they possess that has simply not been utilized to its fullest extent. 

But beyond just the drama of this game, I just think Edgecombe was drafted too high by a 76ers front office that was enamored by his flashy plays and backstory, but in the process gave up on whom I consider much more polished and promising prospects in Kon Knueppel, Collin Murray-Boyles, Ace Bailey, or Tre Johnson. While I certainly did give benefit of the doubt to the 76ers before this game, the kinds of plays VJ showed on the court in this game were downright inexcusable, and until proven otherwise, will be an omen of more bad losses on the horizon. 



## POR vs HOU



**PROP 5u; -114; 7:45pm ET DraftKings (W)**

*  **Avdija O 34.5 PRA**

Mr. Deni Avidja cashed us out in the second half despite putting up almost no stats in the first half. As this was the NBA Cup, every point mattered for point differentials; as a result, he stayed in despite the Rockets having a sizeable lead in the fourth. As expected, he picked up fouls from the defense as they failed to reliably contain him on his drives.



## CHA vs MIL

 
**PROP 3u; -109; 7:50pm ET DraftKings (W)**

*  **Knueppel O 24.5 PRA**

Knueppel cashed us out with 30+ points, completely smashing the over. It also helped that the game went overtime, though that was unneeded for his over to hit. LaMelo played on a minutes restriction which helped the cause. Overall, Kon is a deserved candidate for ROTY. 



## LAL vs NOP


**PROP; 1u; +1960; 7:55pm ET DraftKings (L)**

*  **Hachimura 3PFG– first scorer type**

This did not hit, though Hachimura has been taking a three in the first three minutes of any contest involving Luka or Reaves. I firmly believe this is a super plus EV play until books get it right.


**PARLAY; 0.5u; +340; 7:55pm ET DraftKings (L)**

*  **Derik Queen 25+ PRA (L)**

*  **Jeremiah Fears 25+ PRA (W)**

The game script kept them both playing starter minutes, though Queen was one PRA short from cashing the lay. Unfortunate but the logic holds quite well and it bodes well for the future of these two promising rookies.



## SAC vs MIN



**PROP; 2u; -112; 8pm ET DraftKings (W)**

*  **Sabonis O 32.5 PRA**

Cashed, and I was right about the defensive talent that is McDaniels. DeRozan put up 6 points in 34 minutes, and when your whole identity is about making tough shots, not making them becomes an embarrassing affair. But more credit to McDaniels, which is also why the game was played through Sabonis who put up 34/11/3, absolutely crushing the line. 



## LAC vs DAL


**PROP 5u; -119; 8:30pm ET DraftKings (L)**

*  **Cam Christie O 17.5 PRA**

Christie had good looks and got his rebounds but failed to convert all his attempts, leading to his 10/7/0 stat line. Even in double OT, the line didn’t hit. Max Christie is still only 22 years old and has his best basketball ahead of him; that said, I personally can’t project a high ceiling for him yet as he seems to have trouble on both offense and defense with his slighter build. Tough loss but it’s also true that D’Lo finally got his break, and deservedly so, with 28/6/5. I think D’Lo should be the starting point guard and bona fide leader of the Mavs going forward, that is as Flagg continues to make strides offensively where he is still very green.   

## GSW vs SAS

**PROP; 5u; -104; 8:45pm ET DraftKings (W)**

*  **Draymond Green O 19.5 PRA**

Dray cashed us out with rebounds and assists rather than points. He might be headed towards averaging more assists and rebounds than points. He was able to find the floor often given his defensive abilities, and I think he even blocked Wemby at some point. It’s only a matter a time before he stumbles his way into a triple double in the near future.

--- 

**Total Wagered: 40u**

**Total Returned: 48.28u**

**Net PnL: +8.28u**

--- 


*Tokeni*

November 14th, 2025
