---
layout: default
title: 2025-11-11 analysis
categories: [analysis]
---

# TOR vs BKN (TOR -10.5)

**Parlay 0.25u 5pm DK (+480)**

Claxton U 8.5 reb (W)

Demin O 7.5 RA (W)

MPJ O 22.5 pts (L)

**Prop 0.25u 5pm DK +295**

MPJ 40+ PRA (L)

MPJ put up 21/6/3, much short of the long-shot projected prop. Unfortunately, he went 5-14 from the field, which put the Nets behind on scoring. As expected, Claxton was held to fewer rebounds than normal, and Demin found himself playing 28 minutes, putting up a respectable 16/4/5 and clearing the RA line. This bodes decently well for the long-term future of the Nets, as Demin looks serviceable – though not necessarily as an elite point guard in the likes of Luka – and even better for the Raptors’ short and long-term future, as Collin Murray-Boyles put up 9/4/1 on 100% FG% in just 20 minutes. 

In the near future, however, the Nets must find ways to stop playing Noah Clowney and Ziaire Williams, who combined for 3-14 from 3FG – and they aren’t worth anything but a couple of second round draft picks if the Nets are looking to raise their market value. The Nets rookies deserve more playing time, and it is clear that the Raptors are easily contenders– and a trade or so away from being favorites to be in the ECF. 

# MEM vs NYK (NYK -9.5)

**Parlay 0.1u +1100 5pm DK**

Brunson O 33.5 PA (W)

Morant O 11.5 RA (W) 

Landale O 0.5 3s (L)

Coward O 1.5 3s (L)

Aldama O 1.5 3s (L)

**Prop 0.5u +190 5pm DK**

Landale 2+ 3s made (L)

Much of these bets were focused around Memphis chucking threes. What failed to materialize was the completion of these attempts– Coward went 0-5, and Landale went 0-2. Unfortunately, I was hoping that their positive regression would continue, despite lacking undeniable proof of their 3-pt shooting. Sometimes it only takes a few games for coaches to figure out whether some non-shooting forwards/centers will take open look 3s– and these opportunities quickly start to diminish. 

Brunson and Morant showed up big – 32/5/10 for the former, 16/3/10 for the latter. Each dishing out 10 assists, it is clear that both teams are all-in on their point guards to score and facilitate. Morant lacked the finishing power, however, as he went 4-14 from the field, compared to Brunson’s more efficient 11-19. Brunson’s efficiency was just enough to mask OG Anunoby’s 1-10 3PT shot. 

So long as each team’s point guard stays healthy, I anticipate that the Knicks will be happy to let OG, KAT, and Bridges just chuck 3s; the Grizzlies on the other hand must reconcile that they lack outside shooting to compensate for Morant’s inefficient shot-chucking. If the Grizzlies are looking to be competitive not only this season but also in the near future, it would be best to incorporate Cedric Coward as a kind of point-forward facilitator, handling the ball more often and running zoom action with him at the top of the key. This change, assuming Coward will remain fearless shooting the three to keep defenses honest, will allow Morant to play as a cutting/slashing speedster where he is deadliest. This concept is backed up by the idea that Coward had 5 assists to 2 turnovers against the Knicks. 

# BOS vs PHI (PHI -2.5)

**Parlay 0.1u +2400 5pm DK**

Brown O 27.5 pts L

D White O 5.5 asts W

Simons O 2.5 ast W

Minott O 5.5 reb L

Pritchard O 4.5 reb L

In a close and competitive match, Philly found a way to outclass the Celtics. One key factor in this parlay loss was Minott’s unexpected benching by Mazulla. With only 8 minutes, there was little possibility of hitting the over on the rebounds. 

Jaylen Brown was held to 24 points, while Pritchard was only able to clock in a 5/3/3 statline despite playing for 31 minutes. While there was plenty of assisting going around to hit the overs, Philly’s Drummond likely contributed to their win, after putting up 14/13 on decent efficiency. The Celtics’ lack of paint defense, highlighted by their trading away of Horford and Porzingis, only seemed more apparent in this game where Maxey and Edgecomb combined for a measly 7-28 shooting. 

The Celtics are clearly an easy match for any team that boasts an above-average frontcourt, and this will remain apparent as Queta, Walsh, and Garza are asked to guard 7 foot behemoths day in and day out. In this rebuilding phase, the Celtics are continuing to do what they should do, which is to challenge their competitive core to consistently improve. With Brown and Pritchard being put in uncomfortable lineups without a consistently decent big man, they will be forced to adapt and get better, which bodes well for their upcoming few years when Tatum is fully healthy.

The 76ers on the other hand, in my opinion, are too far gone into their investment into Embiid. Instead of taking any of the promising bigs or forwards in the draft, they took Edgecombe, a scrawny but hyper-mobile guard-wing tweener whose only real talent is putting up flashy dunks. Following his early season successes, opposing teams have quickly found ways to shut him down, as he put up a disgusting 2-11 shooting, and more importantly 0-5 from inside the arc. While the 76ers will likely put up some good runs this year especially with Embiid back to form, I do not see a winning future in store for them in the upcoming few years, outside of trading Maxey and Embiid for a plethora of good picks.

# GSW vs OKC (OKC -7.5)

**Parlay 0.25u +420 DK 5pm**

Green O 19.5 PRA L 

Kuminga O 23.5 PRA L 

Ajay Mitchell O 3.5 ast L

It is clear that OKC took the game by the throat and ran laps around old man Curry. With Butler and Curry combining for less than 45 minutes together, it is obvious that Kerr saw a win as impossible and decided to play around with speculative combinations of players.

None of the props hit for the Warriors given this mix-and-match play of Kerr; Ajay Mitchell on the other hand did not see it necessary to distribute the ball as he ended up with 17/3/2. The game script was too far in favor of the Thunder for any prop to reliably hit; unders for games against the Thunder or a game with Kerr running the show might be the play in future contests.

The Warriors are the Warriors– they will find ways to involve Curry and utilize his shooting to the maximum drop of juice possible. The Thunder will streamroll their way to the WCF on a historically dominant season off the back of SGA and crew. 





# IND vs UTA (IND -2.5)

**Parlay 5pm DK +1000**

Nembhard O 26.5 PRA W

Bailey 25+ PRA W

Siakam O 33.5 PR L

The Jazz won 152-128, putting up video game numbers against a Pacers team that simply could not defend. Siakam in 35 minutes put up 27/5/4, though his PRA were vultured by Nembhard. Bailey’s line hit just barely, though he did it on good efficiency. 

The Pacers and Jazz are not going anywhere this season. They are best competing just enough for a decent lottery spot in this upcoming draft. Though, one thing I could improve upon is sticking to a single script– after all, if Siakam’s PRA over hits, then Nembhard’s PRA will have less likelihood of also hitting. 

# DEN vs SAC (DEN -8.5)


**Parlay 0.1u (+2800) DK 5pm**

Gordon O 4.5 reb W

Christian Braun 25+ PRA L

Schroder O 1.5 3s L

Schroder O 2.5 reb L

Murray O 3.5 reb L

Schroder put up an absolute stinker this game, with 0/0/3 in 21 minutes. He is solely responsible for the Kings’ loss, in my humble opinion. With Schroder handing the Kings their win, it was the Nuggets’ game to lose. Murray and Braun did not need to worry about rebounding, as Jokic vacuumed up a game high 15. Gordon found his way to the glass as per usual.

The Kings must rid themselves of a fantasy involving Schroder and Westbrook playing like their 10-year-ago all-star selves, and instead look at developing their talents in Nique and Raynaud so that they can contend with their core of DeRozan, LaVine, and Sabonis in their primes in the upcoming 2-5 years. It is tremendously stupid that they would believe themselves intellectually superior to 29 other teams by picking up an unwanted WestBRICK. 

The Nuggets are contenders as they always will be with Jokic, even though Cam Johnson seems like an obvious downgrade to MPJ. The Nuggets will have to live and die by THJ and Murray chucking up threes, as modern offenses will be able to match Jokic in the scoring department otherwise. Whether Jokic and the Nuggets are happy with this reality, it is a bit too soon to truly tell.

---

**Total Staked: 1.65u**
**Total Returned: 0u**

**Nov. 11 Net: -1.65u**

---

*Tokeni*

November 12, 2025


