---
layout: default
title: 2025-11-15 analysis
categories: [analysis]
---

# November 15th Analysis

## MEM vs CLE


**PROP; 2u; -118; 4:55pm ET DraftKings – ✗**

*  **Santi Aldama O 2.5 assists**


**PROP; 0.25; +1000; 4:55pm ET DraftKings ¬– ✗**

*  **Santi Aldama 6+ assists**

These bricked but it wouldn’t have been so bad until there was an assist in the first quarter that was overturned as an assist. A lot of “assist counting” boils down to arbitrary measures like three dribbles and so on, which makes the discounted assists – whether or not it was for some fairly trivial reason or not – feel all the sourer to taste.

Aldama played well enough but it became evident to me that he did not belong as a starter, and justifiably so. Even if he is in my opinion a better player than KCP, he just plays with a lot of sloppiness to his game, especially as it pertains to making plays. Perhaps the assist numbers were just randomly spiking up recently, but at least he had high participation and notched a strong double-double with rebounds instead.

The game went off the rails a little with Morant getting injured mid-game. Outside of JJJ, nobody played more than 25 or so minutes. I’m not sure where the Grizzlies coaching are looking to do especially with Ja seeming to be so unreliable. Maybe blow it up by trading away their limited assets in Morant, Landale, JJJ, and Aldama, while rebuilding around Wells, Coward, and Edey? They seem more and more like a lottery team as things go on.

Anyways, I still think Aldama is a good player, and he still ended up with several assists anyways. But his defense remains average in most regards because despite his height he’s not exactly a rim-protecting type. He should project to be less of a Sengun/Giddey jumbo point guard and more of a scrappy, hustle-glue kind of player, with a decent 3PT shot in small stretches.





## OKC vs CHA (OKC -17.5)



**PROP; 0.5u; +282; 6:55pm ET DraftKings– ✗**

*  **Kalkbrenner 4+ rebounds, 1st quarter**


Kalkbrenner had a couple rebounds in the first quarter but it’s difficult to tell anything from this loss– after all it was a rich bet to begin with. I think the Hornets put up a solid performance against the Thunder, Kalkbrenner with a cool 13/7 on 75% TS. If he can do that against arguably the best bigman duo in Chet and Hartenstein, then I project him extremely highly in all other matches going forward, with some concern as to the minutes of Diabate. 


## TOR vs IND

**PROP; 2u; +145; 7:20 pm ET DraftKings – ✓ **

*  **Nembhard 3+ 3PT made**

**PROP; 0.5u; -120; 7:20pm ET DraftKings – ✗**

*  **RJ Barrett U 19.5 points**


The Nembhard prop was so free as in the first quarter he went 2/2 from 3FG; he ended up 4/5 from 3PT by the end of the game. Hyper efficient guard with excellent perimeter defense, he should be the focal point of the Pacers in matches going forward. 

I was disappointed to see that the defensive assignments for this game script shifted to having Scottie Barnes, not Barrett, be shut down. Barnes ended with 14 points, much less than his usual 20+ ppg. Barrett found a way to put it in the basket, unfortunately for the under. 


## LAL vs MIL (MIL -1.5)




**PROP; 0.1u; +1320; 7:50 DraftKings – ✗**

*  **LaRavia 20+ points**

**PROP; 5u; -128; 7:50 DraftKings – ✗**

*  **LaRavia O 9.5 points**

**PROP; 0.25; +537; 7:50 DraftKings – ✗**

*  **Bronny James 20+ PRA**

Honestly, Bronny doesn’t seem to have had a huge negative impact on the game as the Lakers ran away with a big dub, but he put up very few stats. LaRavia on the other hand seems to be a lost cause. Perhaps I gave too much grace even as he had been struggling recently, but the counting stats that he had on other teams seems to have all been stat-padded. 

LaRavia is tall and functional defensively as a kind of 3&D wing who is better at defense than at shooting the 3. He’s like Dean Wade, who also underperformed my expectations recently against the Raptors. Positionally big at 6’7 to 6’ 10”, but without the actual offensive talent in the likes of MPJ or Markkanen. Unlike Risacher or Buzelis who are still very young and raw, these guys – LaRavia, Wade, Aldama – have a severe cap as to their offensive ceiling especially given their size, which becomes a disadvantage in many aspects of agility and grace. 



 


## DEN vs MIN



**PROP; 0.25u; +930; 7:55pm Draftkings – ✓**

*  **Aaron Gordon double-double**

**PROP; 1u; +109; 7:55pm Draftkings – ✗**

*  **Julius Randle O 7.5 reb**


Something went wrong with the stat-tracking software this game. Randle went to 7 rebounds, and Gordon had a double double, though it didn’t populate on Real or DraftKings. Anyways, I think my reads were decent for this game, and thankfull for the Nuggets, THJ was a monster from 3FG, going 5/6 and essentially winning the Nuggets the game. But the 3PT variance will hit hardest when the stakes are also the highest, and even with Braun and Cam Johnson back soon, it will remain to be seen how far the Nuggets can go. 


--- 


**Total Staked: 11.85u**

**Total Returned: 7.48u**

**Net PnL: -4.38u**

---


*Tokeni*

November 15, 2025

